src/main/resources/mesosphere/marathon/api/v2/GroupsResource_patch.md, before:

## PATCH `/v2/groups/{groupId}`

Change parameters of a deployed application group.  
The new group parameters get applied.

* Changes to application parameters will result in a restart of this application.
* A new application added to the group is started.
* An existing application removed from the group gets stopped.

If there are no changes to the application definition, no restart is triggered.
During restart marathon keeps track, that the configured amount of minimal running instances are _always_ available.

If the update to the group will result in unhealthy state of the applications, an automatic rollback will take place, 
where the last configuration of the group will be restarted.

### Example

**Request:**

```
PATCH /v2/groups/myProduct HTTP/1.1
Accept: application/json
Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate, compress
Content-Length: 176
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
Host: localhost:8080
User-Agent: HTTPie/0.7.2
{
  "apps" : [ 
    { 
      "id": "myApp", 
      "cmd" : "ruby app2.rb"
    } 
  ]
}
```

**Response:**

```
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
Content-Type: application/json
Server: Jetty(8.y.z-SNAPSHOT)
```

Commit message:

Rollback to specific version. Allow upgrades, while still in progress.
-GroupsResource: when version is given in update, rollback to given version
-GroupChange events: add version property for group events
-DeploymentPlanRepository: move to state package
-GroupManager: upgrade, while an other upgrade is in progress -> first unfinished version
-GroupRepository: load versioned entity
-DeploymentPlan: remove automatic rollback functionality
-DeploymentPlanTest: remove rollback case
-Exceptions: NoRollbackNeeded Exception no longer needed

src/main/resources/mesosphere/marathon/api/v2/GroupsResource_patch.md, after:

## PATCH `/v2/groups/{groupId}`

Change parameters of a deployed application group.  
The new group parameters get applied.

* Changes to application parameters will result in a restart of this application.
* A new application added to the group is started.
* An existing application removed from the group gets stopped.

If there are no changes to the application definition, no restart is triggered.
During restart marathon keeps track, that the configured amount of minimal running instances are _always_ available.

If the update to the group will result in unhealthy state of the applications, an automatic rollback will take place, 
where the last configuration of the group will be restarted.

### Example

**Request:**

```
PATCH /v2/groups/myProduct HTTP/1.1
Accept: application/json
Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate, compress
Content-Length: 176
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
Host: localhost:8080
User-Agent: HTTPie/0.7.2
{
  "apps" : [ 
    { 
      "id": "myApp", 
      "cmd" : "ruby app2.rb"
    } 
  ]
}
```

**Response:**

```
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
Server: Jetty(8.y.z-SNAPSHOT)
```


### Example (version rollback)

If the `version` key is supplied in the JSON body, the rest of the object is ignored.  
If the supplied version is known, then the group is updated with the properties of this version (a new version is created). 
Otherwise, if the supplied version is not known Marathon responds with a 404.

**Request:**

```
PATCH /v2/groups/product HTTP/1.1
Accept: application/json
Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate, compress
Content-Length: 39
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
Host: localhost:8080
User-Agent: HTTPie/0.7.2
{
    "version": "2014-03-01T23:17:50.295Z"
}
```

```
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
Server: Jetty(8.y.z-SNAPSHOT)
```
